[Characters, behaviors, places,
organizations, and events shown in the series
are entirely fictional,
are solely for entertainment purposes,
with no intention to instruct
or promote any kind of behavior;
viewer discretion is advised]
Have you ever wondered
how different our lives would be
if goodness could be
redeemed for wishes?
Please scan your face.
Blink.
One more time.
Turn your head to the left.
Turn your head to the right.
Open your mouth.
Move your head in a circle.
Smile.
Verification successful.
This is as messy as
a bank verification process!
3,600 points?
How did I get these?
For not talking back
when A-Mah disciplined me.
For not crossing the road
during red lights.
For helping stray cats.
That would explain it.
Please specify your wishes.
It's gotta be money,
work,
or a lover!
I wish I had the funds
to start my shio pan business.
I wish for an inexpensive rental!
I wish for a hot,
posh, rich lover!
Your wishes exceed your merit points.
Huh?!
Everything feels off-limits!
What the heck? Is it really too much
to ask to have someone by my side?
Stupid app.
[Your wish has been successfully uploaded;
the angels are reviewing your request...]
What the heck? Is it really too much
to ask to have someone by my side?
Is this the 3,600-point wish I redeemed?
086...
Okay.
Hello?
Could you tell me the rent
for the shophouse on Soi 7?
Huh?!
40,000!
With a three-month deposit?!
Well, do you offer any discounts?
Alright, thank you.
My dream is way pricier
than I imagined...
Izzy, Natty, Bushy, me!
- Doesn't feel like we ate.
- Mmm.
- Let's go.
- Go.
Want some of the good stuff?
Jeez, Auntie Itt!
Easy with the smacking!
It's Queen Izzy, you know?
I've told you so many times
not to call me that.
Well, you're my mom's sister,
so how could I just call you that?
Jeez, I'm gonna smack your mouth!
She's right, though.
Alright, alright, alright.
I'll call you Izzy.
How totally precious!
You too, Natty.
I've told you so many times
not to serve herbal liquor to my niece.
You're leading the youths astray!
That's over the top.
"Leading the youths astray," huh?
Your niece is already 24,
right?
Facts.
You've had it since you were 20.
Don't be a party pooper.
Oh, burn!
So what happened today?
You've got such a long face.
I was looking for a shophouse today,
and the cheap ones looked
straight out of a horror movie.
Those in prime locations with good exposure
would cost me an arm and a leg!
Well, why do you have to be so ambitious?
He's right.
You only perfected that special shio pan recipe
two months ago, no?
Hey.
How about you test the waters
by selling online?
I bet that'll work.
There's no way.
My shio pan recipe is really special!
What if someone steals my thunder?
Besides,
shio pans are way too cute
to stay hidden in the kitchen.
That's why a physical store is a must.
Ugh.
You have the attitude
of a Le Condon Blur graduate, sweetie.
Jeez!
- It's 'Le Cordon Bleu,' sis!
- 'Le Cordon Bleu!'
Okay, "Le Cordon Bleu."
- Yeah.
- Yes, like that.
Okay, "Le Cordon Bleu."
Look.
Why don't you move back in with A-Mah?
I think you'll be financially comfortable
and all that.
She might even invest in your business.
I don't think that's gonna happen, Bushy.
Why not?
To that family,
I'm basically a second-class citizen.
Ready?
Just a sec! Just a sec...
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, can the girl
in the back scoot over, please?
- Me?
- That's right.
Please scoot over.
I'm trying, so just give me a sec.
Just get it over with.
I'm getting cramps now!
Three, two, one.
Ever since Dad passed away,
I've become a parasite in that family.
Plus, my older relatives told me
that A-Mah sees me as a jinx
who caused her beloved son's death.
Girl, you're overthinking it.
Facts.
Mm.
Right.
Izzy said your old company
invited you back as a full-time employee,
didn't they?
Ugh! You can cross that option off, too.
What now?
Just ask her.
Please have a seat.
I called you in because I wanted
to have a word with you.
Your performance was excellent.
Are you open to joining us
as a full-time employee?
Only a few months left
before your graduation, right?
[Jenika Leewatcharaanant (Jane)]
I can definitely wait.
Honestly...
I don't see myself in the Comm Arts field.
What?
So why pursue this field?
When I was in high school,
I didn't know which major to choose.
I saw that lots of my friends
chose this field,
so I followed in their footsteps.
But once I started working in this field,
I never really came to like it.
Besides, I've seen my mom working
a 9-to-5 her whole life,
and I don't want that life.
I want to be my own boss.
Your own boss?
What's your plan?
I've never thought of it.
Okay...
That's fine.
There's that.
Alright.
- Thank you.
Kids these days.
"I want to be my own boss."
Seeing as how she was
that feisty toward him,
it'd be a wonder if they'd take her back.
I just don't want to be anyone's employee!
- How about this?
- Hm?
Let's use our lucky points.
"Lucky points"?
Jane, how come you don't know about it?
Are you really a Gen Zer?
Even big girlies like us know that.
Definitely.
It's the application that lets you
redeem your good deeds for wishes.
Haven't you heard of it?
- Stop talking nonsense!
- Ow!
Isn't that application a total scam?
Girl!
Scam, my ass.
Bushy and I already got our wishes.
True.
Do you remember the day you got sick
and had to go to the hospital,
when you weren't with us?
Yeah, I do.
That was when it unfolded...
Ugh!
This place is dead silent.
What are we going to do?
The installment's due in two days.
Right, girl.
If this goes on,
we won't be able to pay them.
For sure.
I'm not even sure
if they'll send someone to beat us!
- Gosh!
- That's so scary!
Look.
What?
I downloaded the 'Lucky Points' app,
but I don't know how to sign up.
What even is that? It looks sus.
It might not even be reliable.
Let's just give it a try, in case it works.
Fine, then.
- Sign up.
- Here it is.
Oh, I got it!
- There are 2,800 points!
- Whoa!
2,800?! Girl, you're insanely blessed!
Let's not waste any more time.
Make a wish.
I wish both of us could pay off
the installments sooner.
Sadhu!
Type it in.
Like this?
Our bar offers five different drinks,
and our signature is the 'Soaring Unicorn'!
Whoa, what's going on?
Why are there so many people?!
I have no clue,
- but let's thank heaven first.
- Right.
Sadhu!
Time waits for no one.
Come on in!
- Welcome!
- Please come in!
- Hurry, hurry!
- This way.
- Go ahead and place your order.
You take care of the customers.
- I need to take care of something.
- Okay.
- Come on in.
- Please!
- Drink as much as you want.
- You can even take pics.
- This bar is run by women.
- Of course.
Thank you, hotties.
I don't know where you're from,
but I really appreciate you.
- My pleasure.
- Handsome!
"Angels"?
They really told you that?
It's true.
At first, I didn't believe
they were real angels,
but I pulled their hair,
- and nothing came out!
- Whoa!
I bit their nails,
and they wouldn't budge!
Those are exactly
the signs of an angelic presence.
You know, that day, sales totaled
around 20,000 baht!
- Whoa, 20,000!
- You tell her.
Does it work that well?
It totally does.
But you gotta have some merits with you.
Otherwise, I can't guarantee it.
Is that legit?
Welcome, Jane,
to the Lucky Points system.
3,600 points.
That should be enough.
Please specify your wishes.
Hm...
How about...
I wish for an affordable place
to rent for my shio pan shop!
Your wishes exceed your merit points.
What? That's not enough?
I wish for a hot,
posh, rich lover!
Your wishes exceed your merit points.
Ugh!
Everything feels off-limits!
What the heck? Is it really too much
to ask to have someone by my side?
Stupid app!
[Your wish has been successfully uploaded;
the angels are reviewing your request...]
Just a sec!
Who are you here to see?
Here!
"Lucky Points, a longing wish:
What the heck? Is it really too much
to ask to have someone by my side?"
[Approved]
What the heck? Is it really too much
to ask to have someone by my side?
Huh?!
From now on, I'm someone
who will be by your side
for three months, Miss Jane.
Three months?!
What is going on?
Is this actually real?
Can you move a little,
please?
Hey!
Hold up!
Wait!
That's my house!
[Lucky Points, a longing wish]
Does that mean you're an angel?
Not exactly.
I'm neither an angel
nor an ordinary person like you.
I was sent by the Lucky Points
organization to fulfill your wish.
Are you a scammer?
I pulled their hair,
and nothing came out!
I bit their nails,
and they wouldn't budge!
Give me a sec.
Whoa...
What are you doing?!
Why is it so hard?
Then...
Ow!
What are you doing?
Can you leave my hair alone?
Jeez...
Is that hair or a chain?
I told you so!
Are you playing tricks?
There's gotta be another way
to prove this...
What do you want me to do?
Then, try...
casting a spell.
Bibbidi-bobbidi...
Boo!
I can't do that.
What?
Then, try...
going invisible!
Zap!
Poof!
There!
Voilà!
Am I invisible now?
I can't do that, either...
Read my palm!
Hm...
It's a no-go.
Ugh!
Fortune-telling.
Give it to me.
I can't tell fortunes.
Ugh!
Heaven, why are you sending
an angel like this to me?
Well,
I'm basically Heaven's fieldworker!
"Fieldworker"?
Mm!
I was sent by those above at your request.
They call my job
'fieldwork.'
I may not be able to fly,
but whatever you wish
will be my command!
Whoa!
So that means those above
sent you to be my minion, right?!
You can call me
whatever you like, Miss Jane.
That's awesome.
But you don't have to call me 'Miss.'
Just Jane is fine.
After all, we're gonna be together for...
three months.
So, what do you want me to call you?
My name is Z.
Mm-hm.
This is how it's spelled.
Here,
there,
and boom.
Mm!
By the way,
why do you have stuff like this?
What? I...
I bought it just because I can!
You're pretty superstitious.
What do you mean?!
I'm not! I'm just...
I'm not superstitious.
Wait, wait, wait!
What now?!
Can you tell my fortune?
Here!
Go ahead, my minion.
Aside from all the nooks and crannies,
the stairs are what I avoid the most.
Go on.
Okay, I'll make sure they're cleaner
than a waxed palace floor.
Bring it on.
Whoa!!
Why didn't you wring it out first?!
Do I have to?
Ugh!
Of course, you do!
Do you expect it to wring itself out?
Okay, I'll start over...
Mm!
You silly minion!!
I asked you to help,
not make things worse!
Jeez! The water's everywhere!
What do I do?!
Alright, I'll give you one more chance.
Don't disappoint me.
Copy!
The mission to destroy all grime
starts now!
Just start already!
Hey, that's for the toilet bowl!
Gosh, I'm gonna pass out.
- Are you?
- Don't!
Are you alright?!
Don't! Ew, it touched my head now!
Just get out!
Don't touch me!
Don't!
Typically, it only takes me
an hour to clean the whole house.
Look at this.
Two rooms for the entire day?!
I'm sorry.
I've never really gotten
to use mops or toilet brushes...
How did you make it this far?
There's one room left.
I'll help you clean it.
Hey! No!
Step back. I'll take care of this one.
Okay.
I promise to keep this a secret.
Nobody's gonna know.
Get out!
- I can help...
- Get out!
Did I really just let
a random stranger clean my whole house?
A little tiring, but worth it, huh?
Worth it, my ass!
It's even more tiring!
Chill,
alright?
Going to bed!
Hey!
Where are you going?
Well, you said,
"Going to bed!"
So I'm doing the same.
I mean,
I'm going to bed.
'Cause this is my house,
and that's my bed!
Then, where am I gonna sleep?!
I don't know!
Me neither!
Now, I do.
Hey!
No way!
Why?
Bye-bye!
Whoa!
Get up.
And go.
Go!
This house?
Yes.
Today, we have a big mission to complete:
a shio pan baking trial run
for my dream store.
- Yay!
- Yay...
What are we cheering for?
So, what is shio pan?
It sounds really cute!
Did you name it?
Jeez, I didn't!
Shio pan is a type of bread
sprinkled with salt on top.
What's even more impressive
is that this is my special recipe!
Crunchy on the outside,
soft on the inside.
Not too sweet, not too salty.
I guarantee everyone's gonna be hooked
if they try it.
That sounds pretty spectacular.
Of course.
It's my dream.
Opening my own bread shop
depends on this recipe,
and I've never been more confident in it!
Yesterday, your chores were kind of rough,
so I'm hoping you do better in the kitchen.
Okay!
You can trust me!
At least there's no way my house
will catch on fire, right?
Definitely not!
No way...
Pass me some more flour.
Which one?
That one.
Let me open it for you.
I'm sorry...
There.
Okay.
Now show me.
Mm, not bad. That's about it.
Keep kneading. I'll be back.
Okay!
Hey!
What are you doing?!
Kneading the dough, apparently.
Ugh, that's not how it's done!
I told you to go easy on it.
"Go easy."
Do you get it?
Alright, I'll do it again.
Easy...
Stop it!
This batch won't work!
Who's gonna want to eat
when you knead with your elbow?
I'll eat it.
Ew.
Whoa...
Oh, you puffy...
Hey!
Don't touch it.
Keep an eye on it.
"Keep an eye on it."
Why does it take so long?
Maybe we can turn the temp up a bit
to make it bake faster.
Argh!
Whoa!
Apart from that sunny smile,
what else can you do?
Be real with me.
If you can't do anything,
why did those above send you to me?
It's because you didn't have many points.
Huh?
Well, you just asked for someone, didn't you?
So those above sent me here
because I was the only one
who cost 1,200 points a month.
Since you have 3,600 points,
I can spend three months with you.
Maybe if you'd requested
someone skilled in baking,
they would've sent one.
That is, if you have enough points.
So why are you the only one
who costs 1,200 points a month?
That's because
I was the cheapest one in the lot.
What do you mean?
My name is Z, like the letter 'Zed,'
the last letter of the alphabet.
If you want the top one,
that'd be A, B, or C.
So...
I'll help you clean the kitchen.
So I got the bargain-bin pick?
Goodbye, bargain-bin pick.
[Confirm]
Stupid app!
[Your request to return the wish
has been submitted; waiting for approval]
Don't be alarmed.
Who are you, pop?!
If you come any closer, I'll scream.
There are a lot of cops around here.
Doesn't taking off my glasses
make me look more pleasant?
Nuh-uh.
I'm here to talk to you about Z, Miss.
Z?
Who's that?
And who are you calling "Miss"?
The Z you returned to us this morning, Miss.
What do you mean, pop?
Could you please call me by my name?
I'm Duang-Jai.
At least call me uncle, not pop.
Okay,
uncle.
I'm from the Lucky Points application.
I don't usually engage
with users directly,
but when it comes to Z,
could you please
reconsider your decision?
Why?
Here's the thing.
Z is scared of ghosts.
Ghosts?!
Because she couldn't complete your mission,
she was demoted!
Why are you pointing at me?
Please touch your finger to mine,
and I'll show you the condition she's in.
Just touch my finger,
like they do in E.T.
For Z.
Step forward, please.
Only just dead.
Please proceed inside.
No!
I'll wash my face and go see my child!
You can wash up after you go inside.
I'm not dead, liar!
Please, just come on in.
There!
That's blood...
Before Z became a user's assistant,
she worked her way up from this position.
When she was first promoted,
her code even started with an N.
But she barely fulfilled any wishes,
so she kept getting bumped down
until she became the bargain-bin pick
you called her.
Please leave me alone, guys.
Please spare me...
Whoa, Z!
Run faster!
Aren't we gonna give her a hand?
That's not possible.
Even I don't have a say in this.
Let's now go.
As you saw,
Z is suffering in this position.
But I returned her to the app...
What do I do now?
Take a look over here.
When an angel fails a mission,
they're sent back to the app's recycle bin.
If the user changes their mind,
they have up to 48 hours
to request the wish back,
on probation for one month.
If the user insists on
returning the wish after that,
the return becomes permanent.
Hm...
Whoa!
Where did he go?!
[Reclaim the wish...]
What's the matter with her?
What did you find
that's making you sigh like that?
It's nothing, Izzy.
You sure?
Mm!
Girl, you're being sus.
[Reclaim the wish under probation]
- Boo!
- Whoa!
Gosh.
Why did you have to scare me like that?
Well, you've been staring at it
like it's gonna grow legs.
You're ruining your eyesight!
Facts. I thought you got your heart broken.
Jeez, heartbroken?
I didn't!
Aha.
- Wait...
- Just don't get caught.
- Exactly.
- I'm not!
Right, sis?
- She does seem weird today.
- Doesn't she?
That's for sure.
She has that fishy look.
- She does have it.
- Mm.
Hey...
Do we have any customers like this?
My thoughts exactly!
I've never seen her before.
Z!
Hi again, Jane.
Hi.
I'm sorry I misbehaved
and that you had to send me back.
Oh...
It's all good.
That's her lover!
Whoa!
How did you get in here?
You didn't lock the door today.
But this is my bedroom!
Can't I just share a bed with you?
The couch downstairs is old,
and it's covered in dust.
Pwease?
Pwease lemme sleep here!
Give it back!
So that settles it.
Don't cross the bolster.
And no snoring!
If I hear even the tiniest bit,
you can go share the dusty couch.
No worries,
I'm not gonna fall asleep.
Why not?
I'm not sleepy.
Well, why not?!
Look at the time!
This body doesn't need sleep
or rest.
"This body"?
Ohh...
Okay, I got it.
Thank you...
for letting me back on probation.
Mm.
It's fine.
This time,
do your best at your work.
I'm going to sleep.
You should, too.
I told you that I couldn't!
Then consider this my order.
Go to sleep.
Okie!
Okay.
I'm gonna doze off now.
I told you to sleep!
Alright, I'll try baking shio pan
one more time.
Mm!
Then, I'll have those at the bar try it.
Sure! I'll do my best to help.
I hope your approach to helping
is different from the other day.
Okay.
But it's fine.
We're not putting out any fire today!
Copy that, boss!
Yay!
Let's go!
♫You're as lovely as the galaxy♫
♫My heart's paper-thin♫
♫When you smile at me♫
Whoa!
Your vocals are insane!
Well,
when you hummed the song earlier,
that was beautiful!
I don't know what you mean.
Or could it be?!
Maybe you were a singer
before you passed away!
Me? A singer?
Mm!
That's nonsense.
Finally, we found one thing
you're really good at.
One thing!
- One thing?
- Mm-hm!
Yay...
I've been baking for so long...
Thanks.
Beautiful vocals...
Wait!
You good?
The Six Degrees of Separation theory,
also known as the Small-World Phenomenon.
Oh!
What's that?
Ugh!
This is my junior-year project
for Mass Communication.
It's a theory that says
no matter how far apart people are,
there's a connection between them
through six people or fewer.
What if we use this theory
to find your old identity?
Through people you used to know,
people who heard you sing,
or even people who might
remember who you were!
I think we'll definitely find out
who you were
if we use the six degrees correctly.
That means...
I'll finally know
who I actually am.
Yes!
I'll make sure I find it!
But don't think that I'll be nice to you.
Since I'm stuck with you
for at least a month,
I might as well get something out of it.
Who knows? Maybe you were a doctor
or a lawyer!
You're right!
- Let's go!
Six Degrees, my ass.
Nope, I'm out.
Jin, my No. 1 connection.
I need your help.
I think I know who you're looking for.
There's no one else.
Why are you here talking about angels?
That's nonsense.
That heavy wolf cut
is so last decade
You're dressing funny.
Your hair was just short yesterday.
- Shit!
Whoa,
why is it like this?
Are you fucking crazy, bro?!
That angel's voice sounds familiar to me.
If you wanna know where I recognized it from,
come help me with my work.
Periodt!
That! That's it! On point!